1. Dr. Eslam Fouad He used python langage. 

libraries: 
warnings: Module for managing warnings.

 pandas: Library for working with data in tabular form (DataFrame).

 numpy: A library for numerical calculations.

 matplotlib: A library for plotting and visualizing data.

 seaborn: A plotting library that is based on matplotlib and makes it easy to create nice plots.

 missingno: Module for visualizing missing data in a dataset.

 random: Module for generating random numbers.

 collections: A module containing additional container types and tools for managing them.

 plotly.express: Library for creating interactive plots.

 geopandas: A library for working with geospatial data.

 plotly.graph_objs: Plotly module for creating advanced plots.

 scipy and scipy.stats: Library for scientific data analysis and statistics.


What he discawer


  1.  He divided how many people from the data have an eployment and how many is not
  2.  He create histogram showing how many peoples have with yearcode,yearsCodePro, PreviousSalary, CounterSkill
  3.  Show how many peole have low than >35 Years old
  4.  Show how many people is: Man, Woman and non binary
  5.  Show how many people haven't got MentalHealth
  6.  Show how many peoples is Dev and NotDev
  7.  Show how many people in this data have itch EdLev
  8.  He show how many difirent coutry is in this data
  9.  Show how many employees is in each country



2. dima806, python

libraries:

numpy as np  
pandas as pd
warnings  
warnings.filterwarnings("ignore")
autoviz 
dataprep.datasets 
dataprep.eda 
shap
matplotlib.pyplot
catboost 
sklearn.metrics
sklearn.model_selection
feature_engine.encoding
sklearn.feature_extraction.text
ast
re

result:

he visualised the correlations between almost evry variable in dataset

maciek
3. wanwei, python

 numpy as np 
 pandas as pd 
 matplotlib.pyplot as plt
 seaborn as sns
 plotly.express as px
 geopandas as gpd
 mpl_toolkits.mplot3d 
 sklearn.model_selection 
 sklearn.preprocessing 
 sklearn.metrics 
 sklearn.ensemble 
 sklearn.linear_model 
 sklearn.svm 
 sklearn.neighbors 
 sklearn.naive_bayes 
 warnings
warnings.filterwarnings('ignore')

 os
for dirname, _, filenames in os.walk('/kaggle/input'):
    for filename in filenames:
        print(os.path.join(dirname, filename))

Wanwei has visualized on plots proportion of genders based dataset connected to DEV industry.  

Also he has shown on two plots how many people at different educational levels find employement in this industry. 

On other plots Wanwei has emphesised corelation between computer skills and employement.

Also he has shown group of people above certain salary level to investigate deeper the circumstances of the most succesful people in DEV industry.

sk commit
=======

